I was recently dumped up with my very
nice close friend who's such a nice
person
decided to sleep with my boyfriend I
would love to just murder-suicide them
that was the worst they wasn't that
creative energy sometimes comes from the
lowest point in your life well I don't
know if you notice them in kind of an
emotional crisis right now I know you're
going through some pain right now but
you're always gonna be going through
something I like your shirt this nice
shirts name is max this lady's name is
Donna this is illegal
you've never peed in public before
did you just part of my face no yeah
all the boobs are really bad maybe
you're pregnant oh my god you didn't use
a condom with pee for her
I remember seeing Connor I just don't
know like exactly what it did maybe you
want to tell him why you don't owe him
anything you don't even know this guy
maybe this is our snow that like I'm not
a psycho whoa
this happened and I'm going to endorse
it yeah
what's the matter sweetie now can't come
in bed with you talk to me hey thanks
remember from before when we did sex to
each other I can't get there blast off
I'm having your abortion do you want to
share a dessert leave that that
definitely even prove it the crosses of
the ball ball what is so great about you
is that you are unapologetically
yourself on that stage and that's why
people love you he's like so Christian
he's like a Christmas tree so be the
angel on top I'm not the angel on top
I'm the menorah on top of the tree that
burns it down
max I something I wanted to tell you
there you go it is warm this butter up
for me that's just what you do